hello my name is Brett and today I'm
eating watermelon oreos oh do not get
these these are disgusting today we're
doing arts and crafts I'm going to teach
you how to make a magazine collage like
you see on tumblr people on tumblr love
stuff like that if you make one of these
you will be very popular if you take a
picture of it that's even better what
you're going to need for this craft are
scissors magazines and probably some
paper to put the cutouts on the
magazines that I have today our short
list scientific magazine pop the one
direction edition pretty sure every
edition is one direction engine video
game magazine popular science calm down
you're not that popular high life
magazine not to be confused with the
drug magazine this is actually from
british airways and oh not this one so
the first thing you're going to want to
do is think of a word or something that
you're going to want to put on the
poster so i'm just going to start with
my name be four bread and we'll see
where it goes from there usually the
best things to use in these collages are
advertisements or pictures of landscapes
because those usually have the most
colors
this one has some Pixar movies on it
helpful to risk the page out first that
you don't have to maneuver around the
magazine and look at that a beam you
might want to choose letters that don't
have holes in them because this part is
really hard to do is there scissors cut
cut cut if you're not that good with
scissors my advice would be to try to
make a smiley face out of some pictures
if you make some letters lopsided don't
really worry about that because the more
lopsided it is the more artistic it will
be harry wants to kiss you on show us oh
I just slip Harry sir oh oops cut cut
cut cut cut oh I accidentally cut Harry
sword against so once you have all your
letters you're going to need some tape
and some paper to mount them once you've
taken together you can do a review here
is my Vance one I think it came out
really really well this came out so well
I want me to give it to my mom or office
and here is my basic one you can see I
just did a nice smiley face it's really
easy to do you just need two circles and
the nice eyebrows that really
accentuates it and the nice smiley face
I think I'm going to hang this one in my
room if you can't do any of these all
you need is just a picture of your
favorite celebrity so you can stare at
it or you can even just
your pillow and talk to it in i hope
this video was helpful I have to go
celebrate Ike's birthday he just turned
five so see you guys later the end